Welcome. You will now see
how you can train one model
to get you very good results
on several NLP tasks.
When training such a model,
we usually append a tag to
notify the model that's
where training either on
machine translation or
question answering or
summarization or sentiment
or some other type of task.
Let's see how you can use this
in your own applications.
The multi-task training
strategy works as follows,
if you want to translate
from English to German,
you append the prefix
"Translates English to German",
and it gives you the
corresponding translation.
For a cola sentence like "The
course is jumping well",
and it says it's not acceptable
because it's
grammatically incorrect.
If you have two
sentences and you want
to identify their similarity,
you put in the "stsb
sentence1" and then
sentence2 inside over here,
sentence 1, sentence 2.
Then you get the
corresponding score.
If you wanted to summarize,
you add the summarize prefix to
the article or the text
you want to summarize,
and it gives you the summary.
This is how it works.
Input and output format,
so for machine
translation you just
do translate blank to blank,
and you add the sentence.
To predict entailment,
contradiction,
or whether it's neutral,
you would feed in
something as follows,
so mnli premise: I hates pegions.
Then the hypothesis: My feelings
towards pegions are
filled with animosity,
and the target is entailment.
Basically over here,
this is going to try
to learn the overall
structure of entailment.
By feeding in the entire thing,
the model would have
full visibility over
the entire input and
then it would be
tasked with marking
a classification
by us putting the
word "entailment".
It is easy for the model
to learn to predict one of
the correct class labels given
the task prefix
mnli in this case.
If you know the main
difference between
prefix lm and the birth
architecture is that
the classifier is integrated to
the output layer of
the transformer decoder
and the prefix lm.
Over here you have
the Winograd schema,
which is another way to
predict whether a pronoun,
for example over here,
"The City councilmen refused the
demonstrators a permit because
they feared violence."
You're going to feed this into
your model and then it will be
tasked to predict "they"
as the city councilmen.
For multi-task training strategy,
this is a table found
in the original paper,
and we'll talk about what
the GLUE benchmark is and
these other benchmarks,
you can check them out.
But for the purpose of this week,
we'll be focusing on
the GLUE benchmark,
which will be the next video.
We'll talk about adapter
layers and gradual unfreezing.
But these are the
scores reported.
You can see that
the T5 paper actually
reaches states of the
art in many tasks.
How much data from
each task to train on?
For the data training
strategies, there's examples,
proportional mixing,
and in this case, what
you end up doing,
you take an equal proportion,
say like 10 percent from
each data that you have.
If the first data set
for example blue,
you take 10 percent of this,
then you will get 10
percent over here,
10 percent of this is larger.
Ten percent is just
a random number I
picked but you get the points.
For the other type
of data training strategy
is equal mixing.
Regardless of the
size of each data,
you take an equal sample.
Then there is something in
the middle called
temperature-scaled mixing,
where you try to play with
the parameters to get
something in-between.
Now we'll talk about
gradual unfreezing
versus adapter layers.
In gradual unfreezing,
what ends up happening,
you freeze one layer at a time.
You say this is your
neural network,
you freeze the last one, you
fine-tune using that you
keep the others fixed.
Then you freeze this one and
then you freeze this one,
so you keep gradually
unfreezing each layer.
For the adapter layers,
you basically add an existing
neural network or you
add a neural network to
each feed forward and each
block of the transformer.
Then these new feed
forward networks,
they're designed so that the
output dimension
matches the input.
This allows them to be inserted
without having any
structural change.
When fine-tuning, only these
new adapter layers and
the layer normalization
parameters are being updated.
We'll talk now a bit
more about fine-tuning.
The approach that's usually being
used here has the
goal of training
a single model that can
simultaneously perform
many tasks at once.
For example, the model,
most of its parameters
are shared across
all of the tasks.
We might train a single
model on many tasks,
but when reporting performance,
we can select a different
checkpoints for each task.
Over here, the task
could be translation,
summarization or masked
language modeling.
They do that training in two
to the power of 18 steps.
In this video, you learned about
the multiple training strategies
used for the transform
of five model.
In this week's
programming exercise,
you will explore this
routing even more detail.
Now that you know how
to train this model,
you need the way to evaluate it.
Concretely, you'll be evaluating
it using the GLUE benchmark,
which stands for
general language,
understanding,
evaluation benchmark.
See you in the next video.